The one thing that really causes the most stress in my job is if I feel
that people can't get a hold of me. I've had a situation where I was
in a building that did not get cell phone reception and an individual
had attempted to call me because they were considering taking their
lives. I never got the phone call. That individual did end up taking
their life. And I only found out later that they did try to call
and could not reach me. I understand it was not my fault this individual
was reaching out for help. But it still to this day, uh, stresses
me out when I'm when I'm unreachable to my sailors, to my Marines,
to the Coast Guardsman.